Print binary values of floats (#5322)
diffblue/cbmc: doc/assets/README.md

This folder contains resources for the documentation.

# XML Spec

> These are files relating to the specification the trace when using the XML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The folllowing files relate to the specification of the XML trace output when using the `--xml-ui` flag.
```

## xml_spec.xsd
The`xml_spec.xsd` file is an XSD specification of the trace. You can validate an
output xml file from CBMC using the following invocation:

```bash
$ cbmc --xml-ui main.c | \
  xmllint --schema xml_spec.xsd --xpath "cprover/result/goto_trace" -
```

## xml_spec.tex

> This is a LaTeX document for the specification. It can be compiled to pdf using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a LaTeX document describing the specification of the trace. It can be compiled to pdf using:
```
